Mr. Huang, I can handle the divorce procedures here.
When will the appointment be made?
Miss Si
Tomorrow at 2 p.m. Longhua District Marriage Registry
Bring your household registration ID card and marriage certificate
Hope you can be on time this time.
Grandma, you have a good rest first.
Remember to call me if you have anything
I have to go back and look for my marriage license first
old lady
Your grandson-in-law is not an ordinary person at first glance
It's a pity to leave us like this
Why not ordinary people?
The most important thing is that I'm stingy and happy
Quick, quick, front and rear rows, front and rear rows
Jindu attacked your high skills
Ah!
Your grandma must have divorced, I can get a divorce
Hurry up and help me find a marriage certificate
Then you have to find it.
Absolutely 30 to find the ID card?
You didn't throw it away as trash, did you?
I've never seen your marriage certificate
Did you take it home?
If there is no marriage certificate, can you still get a divorce?
I'll check it for you.
Hey
This class said that it doesn't matter if your marriage certificate is gone.
The dog man's marriage certificate is still there, hahaha?
Okay, okay, that's fine
Scared me to death
I thought I couldn't leave again this time
When are you going to go through the formalities?
We both go with you
I'll give you a good day then.
Don't, don't, let's get a divorce
Yo 4,000 what's so happy about
Is it that obvious?
Of course.
You're not pregnant, are you?
Hey
I'm sort of the modern equivalent of the big three.
By the way, Mr. Zheng
I have something to do this afternoon
Can you take half a day off?
You both rest in the afternoon
Walk away and give me a vacation
Don't you let it go?
No no no no
white sugar
Your wife is really surprised this time
It seems that I have been waiting for a long time.
What happened to Siqing?